[NARRATOR] Previously,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai,
Vegeta paid the ultimate price
to destroy Majin Buu,
but the pink menace
still regenerated.
After healing himself,
Buu then restored
a very angry Babidi,
who'd been
struck down by Piccolo
and now
swore vengeance upon
him, Goten, and Trunks.
Elsewhere, Goku at last
regained consciousness
after Vegeta had blindsided him
to steal the last senzu bean.
I can still sense
Majin Buu's energy,
but I don't feel
Vegeta's at all now.
I hope he didn't get himself
killed trying to prove himself.
And I don't sense
Gohan, either.
But I am picking up
Krillin and Piccolo at least,
and it feels like
they're back to normal now.
Maybe they can tell me
what's going on.
[NARRATOR] Goku and
the remaining Z Fighters
develop their
most desperate plan yet
for stopping Majin Buu, now!
♪ Opening Song ♪
So Videl,
where do you think
Gohan and the boys were going?
No clue. I just know that
before we search for
more Dragon Balls,
our first priority
should be finding them.
[sighs]
Bulma, what should we do?
[BULMA] We haven't
been able to find them
and the trail's gone cold.
It's hard to make
finding them a priority
without leads.
I mean, don't get me wrong,
Vegeta and Trunks
are missing, too,
and I'm just as worried
as anybody else.
Especially with
my husband having attacked
all those spectators.
As long as Goku's with them,
I'm sure they'll be okay.
We've got six of the
Dragon Balls with us, right?
If we get the last one--
Bulma, I hope you're not
assuming our families are dead.
That's not why you want to find
the Dragon Balls, is it?
Because you think that's the
only way to bring them back?
No, I'm not that
pessimistic, Chichi.
But since we don't know
where our families are,
we should focus on
what we can do,
and that's finding
the Dragon Balls.
That way we can
wish all the spectators
Vegeta killed back to life.
I feel... so guilty for it.
You're right.
Let's find that Dragon Ball!
But do you have
any clue where it is?
[BULMA]
Let's see.
[beeps]
It's hard to believe
this bag of shiny orange balls
lets you bring people
back from the dead.
Yeah, once you got 'em all,
you summon the dragon Shenron
and he grants you three wishes.
[BULMA]
Yamcha, found it!
The last Dragon Ball's
straight ahead.
[YAMCHA]
Roger that!
[DENDE, MR. POPO pant]
[DENDE]
We've been expecting you.
Hey, what's wrong with
the boys? Are they injured?
Oh dear,
I hope it's not serious.
No, Vegeta just
knocked 'em out
so we could get 'em
to safety. They'll be fine.
Take 'em inside
so they can rest.
That sounds
easy enough. Popo?
Of course.
So it's true.
The nightmarish Majin Buu has
been unleashed once again.
And these two children
might be our
last remaining hope
to defeat him.
Hey, Dende!
Surely you can tell us
if Goku's okay, can't ya?
No need to worry about Goku.
He's dead already, remember?
Uhhh... Right.
[chuckles]
That's a pretty good point.
--[PICCOLO growls]
--[KRILLIN] Aah!
[coughs]
I do sense, however,
that Goku has sustained
a lot of damage.
And Majin Buu and Babidi:
what about them?
The wizard's power
is fueled by hate,
which grows stronger
every minute.
And Gohan?
I'm sorry, Krillin.
I don't sense him.
Oh, man.
Dende, what about
Supreme Kai?
Can you still sense him?
Why are you asking?
You should be able
to sense it, too.
Yes. If I focus I can,
but his energy
is extremely low
and hard to zero in on.
Yeah. This is chaos.
What's gonna happen
to this planet, Piccolo?
You're the Guardian
of Earth now, Dende!
If you don't know
the answer to that,
how am I supposed to know?
[huffs]
Sorry, you're right.
We're facing
an enemy so powerful
he's left the Supreme Kai
lying broken in the dirt.
Only thing I'm
certain of is our chances
of stopping him are slim.
So, all we did was
delay the inevitable, huh?
[MR. POPO] All right, they're
both resting comfortably.
They'll be back
on their feet soon.
Now, let's get some food in you.
Can't fight on an empty stomach.
--[KRILLIN'S stomach growls]
--[KRILLIN chuckles]
Go on, Krillin.
[laughs]
[PICCOLO] Supreme Kai.
Is there nothing we can do
except hope for some sort of
miracle from these children?
Huh?
--[RIDERS yell]
--[BUU laughs]
[BABIDI] No. Oh, no.
No, no. No, no, no.
Don't do it, Buu! Bad Buu!
--[BUU laughs]
--[BABIDI screams]
[RIDERS holler]
--[BUU hollers]
--[BABIDI screams]
--[RIDERS holler]
--[BUU mimics RIDERS]
[BABIDI]
Buu, stop!
Ooh, aah!
[yells]
I feel sick!
Stop it! I wanna get off!
[yells]
I'm stopped! Buu save me!
Save me, Buu!
Save me right now!
If you don't,
I'll seal you right back up
in your magic cocoon!
[yells]
What is that?
Some special effect.
[RIDERS scream]
[BULMA] It says the last
Dragon Ball's right below.
What do you see?
[YAMCHA] It's probably
on that island in the lake.
[BULMA] Sounds good. Set us
down gently on the beach.
[YAMCHA]
Okay!
[ALL yell]
[BULMA] Yamcha, I said
"gently," not "stupidly"!
You nearly killed us!
[YAMCHA] I'm sorry! The beach
was rockier than I thought!
I didn't mean to
fall on you like that,
it's just that the crash
threw me into you
and I had to
hold onto something.
If you wanna blame someone,
blame Yamcha!
[babbles]
Yup, it's all Yamcha's fault.
[chuckles]
You know? Yamcha. It's--
--[A18 grunts]
--Ow. Ow. Ow.
[ROSHI groans]
That's enough,
you dirty old man!
[ROSHI]
Yamcha!
--[A18 grunts]
--[ROSHI groans]
[ROSHI hollers]
[KRILLIN] I wonder how much
longer the boys are gonna sleep.
[PICCOLO] At least another hour.
They've been through a lot.
[KRILLIN sighs]
We all have.
Majin Buu
killed Vegeta and Gohan
and I haven't even
had time to cry yet.
And we still don't know
what happened to Goku!
This is the worst day ever.
So Dende, do you mind
me bringing 18 and Marron
up here to the Lookout,
to keep 'em safe?
I know it might
violate the rules,
but I don't want to leave
them down there, either.
What do you think?
I thought we went over this;
these are
your decisions to make.
Your family's
welcome here, Krillin.
The only reason I still
have an Earth to protect
is because of all of you,
so I think it's
the very least I can do.
Yeah? Thanks!
I'll go get 'em right away.
--[PICCOLO grunts]
--You felt that, too, huh?
Hey.
Guys, Goku is back!
[laughs]
[sniffles]
Are you okay?
I'm sorta in between
worlds right now.
Technically, I'm still dead.
Oh yeah, I knew that.
Just kinda hard to get used to.
[GOKU] Krillin, can you tell me
what's been happening?
[KRILLIN] What? I was hoping
you could fill us in.
Where've you been,
and what's with those bruises?
Don't worry, Goku,
I'll heal you.
Thanks. I need it, Dende.
[ringing]
With Goku back in peak form,
our chances of defeating
Majin Buu and Babidi
get a lot better,
don't they, Piccolo?
[MR. POPO chuckles]
[NARRATOR] A renewed Goku and
the remaining Z Fighters
must quickly regroup,
and make a plan
for defeating the destroyer
of worlds--next!
[BULMA]
Over here, guys!
[grunts]
C'mon, Bulma!
You can do it!
That's not gonna motivate her.
Yo, granny!
Make it snappy!
You better watch your mouth,
kid. I'm not that old!
[BULMA grunts]
[gasps]
What do you think you're--
[screams]
[roars]
Bulma!
[screams]
[roars]
Hey, you big dino-bully!
You can't eat that ball!
Spit it out!
Ball thief!
Ball thief! Ball thief!
[YAMCHA grunts]
[roars]
Oh yeah!
[cries out]
Yamcha! Thanks to you,
the last Dragon Ball
is now at the
bottom of the ocean!
[YAMCHA]
I got it!
Ooh! Uh, actually, that's
kind of a long way down.
This suit is hand-tailored
and imported, Bulma!
[BULMA]
So then take it off and jump!
Yeah but my
underwear might be
a little wild for mixed company.
Jeez! Enough with the excuses!
[grunts]
[ROSHI coughs]
I'm fighting a cold.
I can't get wet.
And 18?
My power system doesn't
react well with water,
you should know that.
Okay, fine! Everyone's
got an excuse today!
What about you, Chichi?
All right! Here we go.
[screams]
Videl! You're supposed
to marry Gohan!
Protect your face!
All right, Videl!
Go get that ball!
[VIDEL grunts]
I'm going in!
--[CHICHI] Hyah!
--[YAMCHA gasps]
Who cares what
underwear I've got on!
If I don't dive in there,
I'm only half a man.
[CHICHI]
Hey, buster!
Get your scaly tongue off
my future daughter-in-law!
[YAMCHA] Oh, I knew
I should have gotten
one size smaller.
[gasps]
[MARRON, ROSHI]
Hm.
[grunts]
[ROSHI coughs]
Still fighting a... cold.
[A18 grunts]
Go!
[ROSHI hollers]
Good luck, Master Roshi!
[screams]
Look out, Old Man!
[ROSHI hollers]
Poison gas attack!
[ROSHI farts]
[YAMCHA]
Oh, that's ripe!
[VIDEL groans]
Hey guys, I don't feel
all stuffy anymore!
[ROSHI groans]
You got the ball.
Thanks, Roshi!
The wise master
surprises us again!
Seems he's not as feeble
and decrepit as he looks.
[ROSHI]
Yeah! Eeh...
[train horn blares]
Majin Buu, watch
out for the train!
Turn right! No turn left!
No turn right! Just turn!
[BABIDI groans, yells]
[PICCOLO] So yeah,
that's what happened.
[GOKU] It's almost
impossible to believe.
Gohan and Supreme Kai.
And even Vegeta have all
been murdered by Buu!
Just as Supreme Kai
warned us,
Majin Buu's strength and
endurance are of a level
we've never encountered before.
I have no doubt that
if we can't stop him,
he'll wipe out Earth
then move from one planet
to the next until nothing
in the universe is left.
Okay, that's the negative.
But the positive is at least
we've got Goku back
and he's alive and well.
Ah! I forgot about the halo!
So, you're not back yet exactly.
I mean, you're here,
but you're not alive-alive
any more than you're
dead-dead, am I right?
Ah! This is giving me
a huge headache!
Here's the deal:
you're the only one left
who can defeat Majin Buu.
But you only have
the rest of today
before you have to
leave this world, right?
So we gotta figure
this out right now.
C'mon, man, let's go!
Krillin. I hate to say this,
but I'm not strong
enough to stop him.
[gasps]
Oh, don't say that.
He's stronger than
any foe we've ever faced.
Yeah. But you're Goku.
Vegeta's powers and
abilities were almost
on the same level as my own.
And Piccolo says he used every
bit of energy he could muster,
but Buu recovered easily.
I'm sorry, but there's
nothing I can do.
[ALL gasp]
I guess that's it.
If Goku can't win, it's over.
[GOKU]
Damn it! Why did Vegeta
and Gohan have to die?
If either one of them had lived,
there might have been a way.
Doubt it. Even attacking
him all at once
probably wouldn't have
left a scratch.
Majin Buu's abilities
are of a whole other kind.
[GOKU] No. I mean
we could use Fusion.
--[PICCOLO grunts]
--[KRILLIN] Ah.
Sorry, but I missed that.
Did you just say fuchsia?
I said "Fusion."
Are you serious?
A real Fusion?
Oh, so you're
familiar with it?
Yes. I've never
seen it done in person,
but when I lived
on Planet Namek,
I learned the theory behind it.
It's a technique perfected
by the Metamorans.
Exactly! I became friends
with some Metamorans
back in Otherworld,
and they taught it to me.
So what does it do?
Basically, it's a
combination technique
where two fighters in
similar size and power
can merge their bodies together.
Okay, you just lost me.
Once the two fighters
are combined,
they become
a new person entirely,
and with control over
incredible powers.
Powers they could never have
even dreamed of possessing
--if they remained separate.
--Whoa.
That's kind of like what
happened to you and Nail, right?
You fused into
one being to get stronger?
Hm! It was more like
an assimilation.
[chuckles]
[PICCOLO groans]
[yells]
[breathes heavily]
Incredible! This strength!
This unimaginable strength!
If I had known that
merging with another being
could result in
this kind of power,
I would have
sought it out years ago!
I am invincible!
No one can stop me now!
And I'll show Frieza
what it means
to face the ultimate
Namekian warrior!
[laughs]
[GOKU] Assimilation
is powerful, that's true.
But Fusion
is even more powerful!
The Metamorans
who taught it to me
were these two weak,
mild-mannered guys,
but once they used
the Fusion technique
to combine into a new person,
they became this awesome warrior
with unbelievable
strength and power.
That's my experience.
When I assimilated Nail's
essence into my own,
I underwent a substantial
increase in power
and fighting ability.
[GOKU]
Mhm!
[PICCOLO] If Gohan and
Vegeta were still alive,
you could have fused with them
into a new hybrid Saiyan.
I'm confident that
new Saiyan would have
been able to
defeat Majin Buu in a fight.
Yeah. But easier
said than done.
Just learning Fusion
from the Metamorans
took me a whole week.
Even if Vegeta
and Gohan were alive,
there's no guarantee I'd teach
it to them successfully,
let alone have the time.
Don't forget,
I can't stay in this world
for longer than a day.
Plus, I only understand
the theory behind Fusion.
I haven't had a chance
to actually try it.
Besides no one I know
is compatible
with my size and power.
Uh...
I guess you could say
it's my fault
for getting too strong, right?
[KRILLIN] Actually,
it still might work.
[GOKU]
How? What do you mean?
Goku, you're gonna
be forced back
to Otherworld soon, right?
But since Vegeta and Gohan
have already crossed over,
they're gonna be there
to meet you!
So you can just fuse with one of
them right then and there!
Yeah! You're right!
That could be the answer!
That won't work.
Once he's back in Otherworld,
Goku can never return to ours,
even if he's combined
with another person.
[BOTH sigh]
What about those two boys?
Goten and Trunks,
they're very close to being
the same size and power, right?
What if you were
to teach them to fuse?
[ALL]
Uhhh...
Wait, that could really work?
Hmmm.
Yes! That's it,
Mr. Popo! Yes!
That's a plan
that has a real chance!
Ah! Good, there's hope!
You did it, Mr. Popo!
You saved the world!
Mr. Popo's a hero!
Earth is saved! Yeah!
Goku. Do you have enough time?
Yeah, that's a good point.
I'll teach Goten and Trunks
how to master Fusion
right up until I leave, but that
still might not be enough time.
If that's the case, Piccolo,
can you pick up where
I leave off with the boys
when I go back to Otherworld?
Of course.
Eat that, Buu!
[laughs]
We've got a shot! Heck,
we've got a great chance
with those kids.
They could easily do it!
[PICCOLO]
Not so fast.
We should assume that
even in the best-case scenario,
it might take days for Goten and
Trunks to safely master Fusion.
That means
that while they learn,
many people across the world
will become victims
of Majin Buu.
Whole countries could be
exterminated. Mass extinctions.
The earth's surface
could be made uninhabitable.
[gulp]
This is a gamble.
So no matter how bad
it gets with Buu,
we have to remember
that our first priority
is always teaching
Goten and Trunks.
Piccolo, if things go
bad to worse with Buu,
as long as you guys stay safe
and have the Dragon Balls,
we'll be able to
undo his damage.
[KRILLIN]
Yeah, good point!
We finally have
a reason to be hopeful.
[PICCOLO]
Hm!
[NARRATOR] For the first time
since Majin Buu appeared,
there is hope
he can be destroyed.
The fate of the world now rests
in the tiny hands
of Goten and Trunks!
If only the world could wait.
Next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU]
Hey! It's me, Goku!
With the kids learning
to master Fusion,
there's a light at
the end of the tunnel.
Wait, what's that?
Why is the sky getting dark?
[KIBITO] Supreme Kai, it's a
miracle you're still alive!
[SUPREME KAI]
Kibito, let's move out!
We must save Gohan!
[GOKU] Next time,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
"Found! A Faint Ray of Hope!
Awaken, Warriors!"
[GOHAN] We're coming
for you, Majin Buu!
You're gonna be sorry
you messed with our world!